so now for this tulip snail it appears
safe to patrol the shallows in search of
a meal but is it this is a rather bigger
kind of snail at five kilograms in
weight the giant horse conch has little
to fear from any shark and it has a
taste for tulip snail
sensing the approaching danger the snail
fleas
but in a world of snail paces the conch
is something of a Ferrari it calls for
desperate measures
exhausted by the effort of its
last-ditch attempt the tulip snail is
slowly gunned down
the tide still has to rise for another
hour before the big predators can feed
but out on the flats the scent of dying
snail wafts away on the tide it's a
scent that these hermit crabs are
particularly partial to it's vital that
the crabs have the best possible
protection from the heavy teeth of the
waiting sharks and rays for that they
need the shell with a perfect fit today
there is new real estate on offer and
competition in this housing market is
fierce
the action becomes even more desperate
when the shell of the devoured snail is
ready for release this crab simply can't
wait any longer but it's a decidedly
risky acquisition the risk paid off
handsomely the new shell is both lighter
and stronger than the old home and it's
not a moment too soon because the tide
is flowing in strongly flooding the
plains